alright here's my 78 zuki ds106 up for
85 bucks pretty good deal had to fix a
lot of stuff on it but runs pretty good
low compression go ahead and start it up
for you fix the points carburetor was
all messed up got the flow at the
correct height and fix about everything
else up
also put your rings and own the cylinder
a little bit open up distance lat pretty
good notice someone put a smaller
sprocket on it adjust it all the way out
too much
goodbye I love these old ones
also the projector was on done so I just
run a premix she's okay on these models
and just have a little backing feed so
it doesn't need something main bearing
so it's pretty good let me know what you
guys think
there's some i/o device in the videos on
check out my other videos